we and so the militia complete withdrawal
large-caliber guns from the line
confrontation this confirms in the army
dnr
in just these days, the Donbass advocates and
relocated about 90 percent all
heavy machinery with their output and
Ukrainian weapons that Kiev
security forces threw in area debaltsevo well
and important detail
disarms the army of Novorossia under
shelling the enemy reportage stanislav
torn into colonies with heavy machinery
representatives of the mission of the OSCE and
which fix the withdrawal of weapons for
week of the militia brought the line
over 400 contacts
heavy guns caliber above 100
millimeters all weapons fall off
places of permanent deployment of military
parts
cities of Donetsk national republic
almost 320 pieces of equipment that
relegated this trophy captured
the militia of the Ukrainian military so
called Debaltsev bridgehead
Ukrainian soldier left guns in
fortified parts of the machines need repair
but most on the go bcf representatives
fixes that these 152 millimeter
self-propelled artillery mounts
really relegated to 50 kilometers
from Elena Vki and Telman side
Ilovaiskaya but does not comment on the move
Observations recorded today at least
i say i should work comment
I will not increase our prize office
thank you organization requests addresses
military units where equipment is placed on
preservation exact location
the number and name of weapons on
territory observation details
a representative at bassi are discussed
the militia command their presence
bc mission urgently needed
attended today since the withdrawal
heavy weapons today according to plans and
diverted
south vs 1 122mm was
5 points are defined from where they got
and as requested the mission bc punished points in
which they will decline and there
be so i call temporary
dislocation of the launch that Ukraine is essentially you
she supplies you to drink all the time
the very beginning to deliver if they item
say you don't look with your property
Here, too, the trophy has them just
pick up the 120mm on the shells and
tank ammunition captured
the militia of the Ukrainian military too
transfer with them confrontation in Donetsk
where today cannonade is heard again
area of ​​the airport from the Ukrainian
security forces fired from
artillery and tank code you often hear on
Currently shelling in the area
airport do not want to understand that the airport
already our long time ago and just do not give
their corpses to pick them
so that their corpses are not taken away
to control the Minsk agreements on b s e
offers a presence in the Donbas
unarmed military representatives and
started patrolling and monitoring
territory drone and radar
systems during truce
units dnr continues to carry
service in military units of the republic
are training at the landfills and
shooting ranges left they know how to
rifle hard for him
we introduce so as to get around will come and
so on so that there is no reason even in
something to blame even 80 mortars
I removed from there my guys are
one small one I will say in their spirit
believe and
the enemy will not be able and rifle
keep with provocation by
force is recorded immediately in several
Marinka Gorlovka Dokuchaevsk and
elena vko withdrawal of equipment from areas
close to the multi-kilometer line
delimitation continues tomorrow will be
form one more column of
rocket launcher systems for archers
Nazar by force of charitons gennady korneev
Oleg Bondarenko to lead the Donetsk region